			
 

I’m a quick learner who loves solving puzzles and being of service. 

My foundation in IT began as a Field Technician during the pandemic.  This has been a trying time for our community, and it was a challenge and an honor to serve as an essential worker.

I’m proud to continue serving my community in my current position at Contra Costa Health, where I collaborate with several IT departments in providing support to our hospitals and clinics.

I’m also attending school full-time on my way to my degree in Computer Science and have a special interest in SQL and Python programming, disaster recovery, and security.
CONTACT
PHONE:
209-402-1056

EMAIL:
calbreathian@gmail.com
HOBBIES
Guitar
Drawing
Weightlifting
Videogaming
SOFTWARE
Windows – Linux – Mac
Office – WinSCP – PuTTY
Access – SSMS – DBeaver
Active Directory – PagerDuty
vSphere – HEAT – IGEL UMS
Citrix DaaS – Epic – RightFax		
IAN CALBREATH
I.T. PROFESSIONAL
EDUCATION
Los Medanos College | Diablo Valley College
2023 – Current
Computer Science major graduating in Spring ’25 with 4.0 GPA.
Alongside my core curriculum, I have completed specific courses on SQL, Python, security applications, and network configurations.

Modesto Junior College
2020 – 2021
PC Servicing and Repair courses with preparation for the CompTIA A+ exam. After completing this coursework I passed the CompTIA A+ exam, earning my first certificate.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Contra Costa County Health Services - Computer Operator II
2022 – Current
•	Collaborated cross-functionally with Database, Service Desk, and Infrastructure teams to expedite resolution of after-hours issues with support calls, automated jobs, infrastructure downtime, and catastrophic system failures.
•	Acted as Service Desk support agent during evening hours to ensure uninterrupted support for critical healthcare facilities.
•	Reduced mean incident resolution time by 35% by implementing incident management policies.
•	Ensured Disaster Recovery readiness by creating daily environment backups.
•	Misc. duties such as: Facilitate file transfers, monitor SQL Agent jobs for completion and errors, batch scan files for errors, monitor system health interfaces, VMware connections, cluster health, and CCTV systems.

PAQ Inc. dba Food 4 Less - IT Field Technician
2020 – 2021
•	Ensured store operability by supporting helpdesk calls, visiting store sites daily to check in with store director and manager, and servicing IT equipment.
•	Organized PIN Pad repair/replacement into one streamlined process and established line of communication with vendor that was not present before.
•	Organized vendor appointments with stores for services we could not complete in-house such as running electrical lines, satellite installation, and Point-of-Sale system installation.

Appen Global – Content Evaluator
2018 – 2019
•	Maintained a high level of professionalism and empathy while analyzing search result and website content to determine if content is harmful to users.

